Clarify cds-feature-xsuaa to cds-feature-identity switch (#701)
cap-js/docs: java/security.md

   * accept tokens issued by XSUAA and IAS --> bind your application to service instances of both types.

::: tip Specify Binding
CAP Java picks only a single binding of each type. If you have multiple XSUAA or IAS bindings, choose a specific binding with property `cds.security.xsuaa.binding` respectively `cds.security.identity.binding`.
Choose an appropriate XSUAA service plan to fit the requirements. For instance, if your service should be exposed as technical reuse service, make use of plan `broker`.
:::

### Transition from `cds-feature-xsuaa` to `cds-feature-identity`{ #transition-xsuaa-ias}
CAP also provides support for XSUAA-based authentication via the maven dependency `cds-feature-xsuaa` which is based on the [spring-xsuaa library](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-security-services-integration-library/tree/main/spring-xsuaa). 

> As the spring-xsuaa library is deprecated, it is recommended to move to `cds-feature-identity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to move to `cds-feature-identity`, as the spring-xsuaa library is deprecated. When moving to `cds-feature-identity` please keep the following in mind:
```

> As `cds-feature-xsuaa` still takes priority over `cds-feature-identity` for backward compatibility, remove all existing dependencies to `cds-feature-xsuaa` and `xsuaa-spring-boot-starter`.
> If you are using the `cds-starter-cloudfoundry` or the `cds-starter-k8s` starter bundle, make sure to **explicitly** exclude the mentioned dependencies using `<exclusions>...</exclusions>`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As `cds-feature-xsuaa` still takes priority over `cds-feature-identity` for backward compatibility, remove all existing dependencies to `cds-feature-xsuaa` and `xsuaa-spring-boot-starter`.
- If you are using the `cds-starter-cloudfoundry` or the `cds-starter-k8s` starter bundle, make sure to **explicitly** exclude the mentioned dependencies using `<exclusions>...</exclusions>`.
```
